Initial P&T release notes (#5477)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/2019/announcing-1.4/change-notes/index.md

## Telemetry

> - **Added** experimental [in-proxy](/docs/ops/telemetry/in-proxy-service-telemetry/) telemetry reporting to Stackdriver.

Author: @mandarjog any info on how to enable this?

Reviewer: I think we should create a wiki page for it. @mandarjog wdyt?

Author: Any updates?

Reviewer: I will create a wiki page.

Author: Thanks!

Reviewer: Here is the wiki page: https://github.com/istio/istio/wiki/Mixerless-Stackdriver-HTTP-Telemetry

Reviewer 2: I hate to be the one to say - but our release notes should really not link to blog posts (they are not subject to versioning and have many other weaknesses.  As you have blog post content, perhaps you can convert to an MD formatted file and submit as a document.

Reviewer: Sure, created a readme file: https://github.com/istio/proxy/pull/2545. Let's replace the wiki page with that.

- **Added** experimental support for generating TCP service metrics [in-proxy](/docs/ops/telemetry/in-proxy-service-telemetry/).
- **Improved** support for [in-proxy](/docs/ops/telemetry/in-proxy-service-telemetry/) Prometheus generation of HTTP service metrics (from experimental to alpha).

> - **Improved** stability for proxy metadata exchange (from experimental to alpha).

Author: @kyessenov is this a user facing change? My understand is this is more of an implementation detail of in-proxy metric generation?

Reviewer 3: It's not user facing. I think we want one item for improved stability of in-proxy runtime (Wasm and our filters).

> - **Improved** egress gateway telemetry.

Author: @douglas-reid any more info on this?

Reviewer 4: Yes.  We can link to the issues closed. I'll find them and add them as a comment here.

Author: Any updates?

Reviewer 4: See suggestion below

> - **Improved** egress gateway telemetry.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **Improved** reporting of telemetry for traffic that goes through an egress gateway, fixing issue https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/15188. 
```

## Telemetry

> - **Added** experimental in-proxy telemetry reporting to [Stackdriver](https://github.com/istio/proxy/blob/release-1.4/extensions/stackdriver/README.md).

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- **Added** experimental in-proxy telemetry reporting to [Stackdriver](https://github.com/istio/proxy/blob/{{< source_branch_name >}}/extensions/stackdriver/README.md).
```

> - **Added** experimental support for generating TCP service metrics [in-proxy](/docs/ops/telemetry/in-proxy-service-telemetry/).

Reviewer 6: Please get rid of this. This has not landed.

- **Improved** support for [in-proxy](/docs/ops/telemetry/in-proxy-service-telemetry/) Prometheus generation of HTTP service metrics (from experimental to alpha).

> - **Improved** telemetry collection for [blocked and passthrough external service traffic](/blog/2019/monitoring-external-service-traffic/).

Reviewer 5: Is there a doc rather than a blog post this can point to?

Author: not that I know of @nrjpoddar?

Reviewer 7: We don't have a doc for blocked and passthrough, I only added the blog which is linked few weeks ago.

Reviewer 5: In general, we don't want the blog to used as the source of truth for product usage info. So if you have some time @nrjpoddar, please add a doc page for this.

Author: Should we merge this and update if that doc does exist?

Reviewer 5: Yes, we should proceed as-is.

Reviewer 7: > In general, we don't want the blog to used as the source of truth for product usage info. So if you have some time @nrjpoddar, please add a doc page for this.

Yep, I can do that after KubeCon. P&T tasks in our docs is very slim anyways so adding stuff there would be good.

- **Added** the option to configure [stat patterns](/docs/reference/config/istio.mesh.v1alpha1/#MeshConfig) for Envoy stats.
- **Added** the `inbound` and `outbound` prefixes to the Envoy HTTP stats to specify traffic direction.

> - **Improved** reporting of telemetry for traffic that goes through an egress gateway. 

Reviewer 2: please remove trailing white spaces.  Ths trips up the linter.  The linter says the problem is on this line, but it may have an off by one error on whitespace problems.
